== Heroku

http://shrouded-mesa-2384.herokuapp.com/

== Schema

Reviewers
	name (string)
	location (string)
	assorted devise variables

Jobs
	company (string)
	role (string)
	startyear (integer)
	endyear (integer)
	reviewer (Belongs_to)

== What I Did and Issues I Had

Apologies, I did not have a chance to do HW 6 on time.  This submission includes BOTH HW 6 and HW 7

HOMEWORK 6 - ADDING GEMS

* Added Devise Gem

Had an issue applying Devise to an existing database.  Devise added an email column to my reviewer table and inserted blanks for the email.  Because the email column was supposed to be unique, rails kept giving me errors.  I tried searching for hours but couldn't find a solution.  I ended up needing to delete all the existing reviewers in my database

* Edited Devise Sign-up Page

When signing up I enabled the new reviewer to also put in their name and their location.  The one issue I had was that when I pressed "update" on my profile edit page, rails would delete the user.  I couldn't figure out why and eventually just commented out the code that related to deleting the user.  Now it works, but there is no ability to delete a reviewer account

* Updated main page to be a list of all the reviewers and the jobs that are associated with them

The goal of this site is for users to look through a group of reviewers and find the one that is the best match for them based on their professional career.  So I changed the index to refer to my jobs index and listed each reviewer as well as the jobs that applied to them.  I had some issues figuring out how to refer to the reviewers table but eventually figured out that I needed to define some variables in the jobs controller (e.g., @reviewers for the reviewers table)

* Updated site so that if you log in, you can only change the jobs that are associated with you

Reviewers can log in to the site either to update their profile info (e.g., name, email, password, location) or to add/edit their job history.  I edited the site so they can only change their own jobs and not those of other reviewers.  Also when you edited your jobs, you can't switch those jobs to other reviewers.  This was done using "hidden fields".  I also ensured you couldn't manually override this by changing the value of the reviewer id in the HTML path

HOMEWORK 7 - ADDING VALIDATIONS

* Added validations to Job creation

When creating or editing a job it is mandatory to include a company, role, and start year.  I also forced the user to input four digits for the start year and end year fields.

* Added validations to Reviewer creation

When signing up, Devise already does validation on email (presence/uniqueness) and password (presence/length/confirmation).  I added validation to ensure that a name and a location were included using the presence attribute.





